Some utilities for working on a hpc cluster

1) macopen
   - This script scps a bunch of files to you mac and then
     opens them up, using the mac 'open' command. If you're
     using a complicated tunnel setup such that the ip listen
     in your SSH_CLIENT env variable isn't the machine on which
     you want to open your files, you can set set your localhost
     string in the lib/config/macopen.yaml file.

2) ccat
   - This is a replacement for the cat command that uses pygmentize
     to display the output in color with automatically detected syntax
     highlighting (for code)

3) pwnq
   - Saturate a pbs scheduler with submissions. Many pbs schedulers
     will only let you submit a certain number of jobs at a time. This
     program will continuously submit jobs, check the status of the queue,
     and when one of your jobs finishes it will submit the next one.

   - Note that the names of your queues and their capacities are set in
     the config file found at lib/config/pwnq.yaml. The queues are all
     assumed to be all from the same filesystem, but have seperate capacities

4) exec_concurrent
   - Execute a bunch of shell commands concurrently, n at a time. Wakes up
     by default a few times a second to check if any have finished, and if
     so submits more. Useful if you want to keep all your processors active.
     Could be executed from within one of the pbs scripts submitted by pwnq
     if you wanted to be fancy.
     
5) auto-git
   - mac specific (10.5+) python code, building off the FSEvents library, that
     tracks changes to files in the working directory and automatically commits    
     every time you create a new file, save a file, etc inside the   
     folder that's being monitored, just like dropbox. Except you can browse  
     your versions on github with its beautiful interface. Since git has a  
     distributed model, the pushing is relatively inferquently even though the  
     commits are every save.
     
     To be better, it really should have its own config file, .auto-git, that 
     goes in the root of your repo and lets you specify your own ignore